life is easy with these three feet
abilities first is the ability to do a
big toe thumbs up well this may seem
silly if you treat your big toe like a
thumb it means you can grab stuff when
your feet work like your hands that
helps with the next ability which is
balance but it's not the ability to
balance itself it's the ability of your
toes to grip whatever you're standing on
and you can actually see it with my
handstand I mean look at these things
grabbing the ground your toes should do
that too lastly drop it down Le to the
ground the ability to extend your toes
all the way without paying I mean how
else are you going to be able to get on
your tippy toes so you can reach the top
shelf at the supermarket stay flexing